Cobalt Flux – GET!
Published on July 10, 2006.
Well, it’s not quite gotten, but I won and paid for a Cobalt Flux on eBay, and it shipped today.
Hopefully it’ll work and stuff.
I’d been thinking of getting one for a while, since my DDR skills had advanced a bit (and lost some weight ) since this:
Right now I’m using a normal pad, but upgrading to the kick ass metal pad should help me get better scores.
Like the Power Glove!
It cost a pretty penny ($280 shipped), but it also came with two games that I already have.
So I can auction those off to bring the price down.
Usually they go for $300 new plus like $50 for shipping.
Plus you have to wait two weeks!
In all, I’m calculating that I saved about $100 (after I sell the extra games).
These DDR Pads are supposed to be pretty sturdy, so hopefully that means I don’t get a dud.
I guess I’ll have a full review up once I play on the pads!